[IMP] inventory: add a delivery method (#12033)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/new_delivery_method.rst

   .. image:: new_delivery_method/enable-delivery.png
      :alt: Enable the *Delivery Methods* feature by checking the box in Configuration > Settings.

> .. _inventory/shipping_receiving/delivery-product:

Reviewer: On line 5, before jumping into configuring delivery methods, take a sentence or two explaining what they're used for, and how it affects Odoo's sales or inventory workflows (: Then, possibly link to the overview of delivery methods in a see also admonition

  details on configuring custom shipping methods, such as :ref:`fixed price
  <inventory/shipping/fixed>` or :ref:`based on rules <inventory/shipping/rules>` options, refer to
  their respective sections below.
- :guilabel:`Company`: If the shipping method should apply to a specific company, select it from the
  drop-down menu. Leave the field blank to apply the method to all companies.
- :guilabel:`Routes`: select the applicable routes to define different delivery methods, such as
  standard or express shipping, based on varying lead times. For more information, jump to the
  :ref:`Set routes on shipping method <inventory/shipping_receiving/shipping-route>` section.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Product` (*Required field*): the product listed on the :ref:`sales order line
  <inventory/shipping/sales-order>` as the delivery charge.
- :guilabel:`Free if order amount is above`: checking this box enables free shipping if the customer
  spends above the specified amount.
- :guilabel:`Tracking Link`: This option adds a link to the portal so the customer can track their
  delivery. When a custom carrier is added in a delivery order, the tracking button is enabled, and

>   the link directs to the tracking portal with that URL.

Reviewer: Good catch! this is a completely new feature in 18!

- :guilabel:`Delivery Method` (*Required field*): the name of the delivery method (e.g. `flat-rate
  shipping`, `same day delivery`, etc.).
- :guilabel:`Website`: select an option from the drop-down to restrict the use of this delivery
  method to a specific website.
- :guilabel:`Provider` (*Required field*): choose the delivery service, like FedEx, if using a
  :ref:`third-party carrier <inventory/shipping/third_party>`. Ensure the integration with the
  shipping carrier is properly installed and select the provider from the drop-down menu. For more
  details on configuring custom shipping methods, such as :ref:`fixed price
  <inventory/shipping/fixed>`, or :ref:`based on rules <inventory/shipping/rules>` options, refer to
  their respective sections below.

> - :guilabel:`Website`: configure shipping methods for an **eCommerce** page. Select the applicable

Reviewer 2: This bullet seems to be left off from the previous version, should be deleted

  website from the drop-down menu, or leave it blank to apply the method to all web pages.
- :guilabel:`Company`: If the shipping method should apply to a specific company, select it from the
  drop-down menu. Leave the field blank to apply the method to all companies.
- :guilabel:`Routes`: select the applicable routes to define different delivery methods, such as
  standard or express shipping, based on varying lead times. For more information, jump to the
  :ref:`Set routes on shipping method <inventory/shipping_receiving/shipping-route>` section.

> 

Reviewer 2: Delete blank line

      by checking the corresponding checkbox.

   .. image:: new_delivery_method/enable-delivery.png

>       :alt: Enable the Delivery Methods feature by checking the box in Configuration > Settings.

Reviewer 3: Avoid repeating the previous instruction in the alt tag– rather describe the image :)
```suggestion
      :alt: The Delivery Methods feature enabled in the settings.
```
